>> Brian Holt: So first thing we have
to do, is we're gonna create a div.
And its class is gonna be,
swiper dash container.
>> Brian Holt: And these are class
names that Swiper chose, so
you actually have to
use these class names,
cuz that's what Swiper's
gonna be looking for.
>> Brian Holt: Then we're gonna do
div class equals Swiper dash wrapper.
Wrapper.
And then inside of swiper dash wrapper,
we're gonna have a bunch of slides.
>> Speaker 2: It is all in the Frontend
Master's website in the notes.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
that would be an easier way of doing this.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: It's like I wrote this or
something.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Almost.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
that is an easy way of doing it.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so
let's just grab all of these.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So that all it does,
is a bunch of Swiper slides with image
tags inside of them with one through 12.
Now, I create a new director, so I'm gonna
have to go copy over my images, right?
Otherwise, it won't be
able to find those images.
So I'm gonna open 12 to there.
And I'm gonna copy over images, and
that the CSS is largely the same too.
So I'm going to just,
do I even need the CSS, whatever,
we'll copy off our CSS as well.
>> Brian Holt: So I did was from
our previous project gallery,
I moved into gallery to the images, so
that we have all the Luna pictures, and
then the previous styles that
we had on there as well.
>> Brian Holt: So now inside of gallery
two there's an images directory,
was tall pictures of Luna.
There's an index HTML which
we just wrote together, and
there's a style that's at CSS, which is
all the styles from our last project.
>> Brian Holt: By the way,
I do this all the time,
I cannibalize code from
previous projects all the time.
>> Brian Holt: There's no shame
to do it or I'm shameless,
I haven't decided which it is.
So now, we're gonna come up here into
the head, cuz we're just putting our CSS.
So I'm gonna say link, and
I'm going to link my styles.CSS.
Now this is key, notice that I put my
style sheet after their style sheet.
And you should do the same as well, the
order actually is important here, right?
Because you want your code to be,
your CSS to be parsed and run last,
because if it conflicts with their code,
you want your code to win, right.
You want all of their stuff to
do whatever it's doing, but
if you want your code to do something
different, you'll want that ability.
So here with the CSS,
make sure you're putting yours second.
>> Brian Holt: And
then down here at the bottom,
we're gonna also include
our own JavaScript.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna say, script, and
say src=./, well, we'll just call this.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I guess my dash
gallery or something like that.
>> Brian Holt: Same thing here.
And next, it's even more important for
the JavaScript.
If I put this above here,
what happens if I try and refer to Swiper?
It's not gonna be available,
because Swiper is loaded here.
So if I try and use Swiper up here,
it's gonna not know what that is.
However, if I put it below it, Swiper
will be loaded before this gets run.
So then it will be available to run.
Make sense?
So make sure that your JavaScript
comes after the Swiper JavaScript.